Change the default amount of robots from 8 to 4 (#244)
RobotecAI/ROSCon2023Demo: ros2_ws/README.md

## Changing the scene
### Changing robots amount

> To change the robots amount simply choose a different configuration file. For example to spawn 8 robots instead of 4 use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the number of robots simply choose a different configuration file. For example, to spawn 8 robots instead of 4 use:
```

```bash
ros2 launch roscon2023_demo ROSCon2023Demo.launch.py ROS2Con2023Config:=<full_path_to>/ROSCon2023Config_8.yaml
```

> > **_NOTE:_** Replace the ```<full_path_to>/ROSCon2023Config_4.yaml``` with the full path to your desired file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** Replace the `<full_path_to>/ROSCon2023Config_4.yaml` with the full path to your desired file.  
```

> The available configuration files are ```ROSCon2023Config_2/4/8.yaml``` which are prepared for the smaller scene (```DemoLevel1.prefab```) or ```ROSCon2023Config_900.yaml``` which is for the bigger scene (```DemoLevel2.prefab```).

Reviewer: Tripple grave accent marks should be used to start multi-line code blocks in markdown.

```suggestion
There are multiple configuration files available. The files `ROSCon2023Config_2/4/8.yaml` are prepared for the smaller scene (`DemoLevel1.prefab`), while `ROSCon2023Config_900.yaml` should be used with the bigger scene (`DemoLevel2.prefab`).
```
